TODO.md, before:

## Bugs

- User searchbox has blurred text
- Collections search/dropdown has keyboard controls which makes the searchbox a little jank
- Get tooltip working on the search icon in navbar
- Get tooltip working on the objekt list button

## General

- Improve loading skeletons
- Move any caching from Vercel KV to `unstable_cache`
- Refactor `CollectionRenderer` and `ProfileRenderer` into just one component

### Grid

- When fetching objekts to slot, filter out anything that is locked

### Gravity

- Remove voting modal, show options inline
- Implement combination poll display
- Clean up poll result display for multi-poll gravities

### Objekts Index

- Add serial/ownership lookup/details
  - intercepting route usecase?

### Collection

- Delete locked objekts upon transfer
  - either use Alchemy webhooks or setup a webhook for the indexer to post to
- Add a toggle to switch between Cosmo and blockchain as the data source
  - would bring better filtering like jinsoultv
- Add grid size options

### COMO Calendar

- Handle instances where a drop occurs on the 31st, in a month with <31 days

### Trades

- Add filtering

### Profiles

- Set a favorite objekt?
- Set a favorite member?
- Social links? Twitter, Discord, Instagram etc

Commit message:

Performance fixes (#5)
* start uniform profile block

* switch user dropdown image to selected artist

* update ring color on open

* add new profile header

* remove optional props on collection renderer

* grammar

* use rounded buttons in loading skeleton

* fix member filter maybe?

* fix objekt total portal

* update todo

* remove fade over member filter

* fix member filter ssr failing

* prevent layout shift

* fix spacing

* fix objekts index

* update todo

* optimize navbar links rendering

* refactor URL param sync

* fix up other renderers

* optimize react-query re-renders

* optimize transfers page

* clean up deps

* fix gap

* cache query functions

* update todo

* optimize filter rendering

* use overlfow

* optimize filters

* fix array params

* set defaults to null for a cleaner url

* fix query params not defaulting sort

* update todo

* update button styling with portals

* hide locked from url when true

* change locked param name

* install million

* maybe some optimization?

* dont check for addresses when there's none to check

* misc

* oops

* cleanup

* add profile loading boundary

* tidy up skeletons

* more clean up

* more cleanup

* memoize everything

* lint

* mute millionjs

TODO.md, after:

## Bugs

- User searchbox has blurred text
- Collections search/dropdown has keyboard controls which makes the searchbox a little jank
- Get tooltip working on the search icon in navbar
- Get tooltip working on the objekt list button

## General

- Move any caching from Vercel KV to `unstable_cache`
- Refactor `CollectionRenderer` and `ProfileRenderer` into just one component
- Iron out any remaining jank/issues from performance refactoring

## Performance

- Prevent all Objekt components from rerendering upon a single objekt being locked
- Virtualize the list of objekts

### Grid

- When fetching objekts to slot, filter out anything that is locked

### Gravity

- Remove voting modal, show options inline
- Implement combination poll display
- Clean up poll result display for multi-poll gravities

### Objekts Index

- Add serial/ownership lookup/details
  - intercepting route usecase?

### Collection

- Delete locked objekts upon transfer
  - either use Alchemy webhooks or setup a webhook for the indexer to post to
- Add a toggle to switch between Cosmo and blockchain as the data source
  - would bring better filtering like jinsoultv
- Add grid size options

### COMO Calendar

- Handle instances where a drop occurs on the 31st, in a month with <31 days

### Trades

- Add filtering

### Profiles

- Set a favorite objekt?
- Set a favorite member?
- Social links? Twitter, Discord, Instagram etc
